Caption: [Applause]
Caption: I'm gonna start my talk though somewhere
Caption: iStopMotion when talks which is I suffer
Caption: from an anxiety PTSD and which might
Caption: surprise people because I'm standing in
Caption: front of the room talking and doing
Caption: public speaking but for me this is the
Caption: safest space in the room because I
Caption: closer to the exit the other reason is I
Caption: can actually feel a lot more in control
Caption: of the room and I don't have to go up to
Caption: people one-to-one and introduce myself
Caption: because I really hate small talk so
Caption: quickly so this is how I manage walking
Caption: in a room and today I'm talking about
Caption: being underestimated of being an
Caption: indivisible leader and first of all I'm
Caption: going to explain where this talk came
Caption: from so like with most things it came
Caption: from a conversation and it's a
Caption: conversation that I often have with
Caption: people who are in the tech space or in
Caption: business who don't feel they are a
Caption: leader who also feel they're
Caption: disadvantaged who often feel like
Caption: they're one or two women or people of
Caption: color within an organization
Caption: and so they feel like the game is real
Caption: and the conversations go somewhere along
Caption: the lines of it is a position of power
Caption: to be the most invisible person in the
Caption: room because you get to observe people
Caption: when you're invisible you get to see how
Caption: others treat others good or bad and you
Caption: get to make a decision as to whether or
Caption: not you're going to take these people
Caption: with you because despite all the
Caption: challenges you might have whether or not
Caption: in the gender race accessibility
Caption: eventually you will get them and when
Caption: you do you get to make a decision as to
Caption: who you take with you so I thought
Caption: leadership for a really long time
Caption: was this straight line pump and then I
Caption: discovered that it wasn't and in some
Caption: cases I went backwards the blue line is
Caption: my leadership
Caption: that set stages in my business in my
Caption: life I would get to a manager role and
Caption: then I would be told I was too ugly to
Caption: be laid up all that I wasn't good enough
Caption: at my job or didn't look very normal I
Caption: needed to be more normal and you should
Caption: just have normal hair maybe should turn
Caption: it down and the fun pile of that is is I
Caption: need to take that advice I'm a little
Caption: bit of a rebel one of the things I
Caption: discovered in leadership was it's a fine
Caption: line between fearlessness and stupidity
Caption: and a lot of the time we actually
Caption: self-sabotage when we get knees success
Caption: so because I spent so much time
Caption: observing people I also observe fact
Caption: that it's not the fear of failure all
Caption: the time but sometimes it's the fear of
Caption: success because we don't feel like with
Caption: many in fact when people asked me are
Caption: you scared that you're going to fail I
Caption: was like nope failure and I really good
Caption: friends we know each other really well
Caption: like benefits success however terrified
Caption: me what would happen in success was I
Caption: get close to success and then I'd run
Caption: heck to palliate because it was a lot
Caption: easier
Caption: some of you in the room we've already
Caption: heard a part of my Jenny and part of my
Caption: story and part of my story is in things
Caption: like hobbies to confess 17 years of my
Caption: life
Caption: I grew up in an extremely violent
Caption: environment and it was homeless by the
Caption: time I was 17
Caption: not because I ran away from home but
Caption: because of economic situations by the
Caption: time I would get to 32 my fiancee died
Caption: in a motorcycle accident
Caption: for all intents purposes I shouldn't be
Caption: in a role of leadership I shouldn't be
Caption: seeing you in the company according to
Caption: what everybody else says
Caption: but you don't have to have a hero's
Caption: journey to get you you don't have to sup
Caption: up in order to be a leader because
Caption: leadership isn't actually about
Caption: suffering or being a mother it's about
Caption: who are you raising with you how are you
Caption: helping others how are you getting a
Caption: hand up rather than a handout
Caption: so these are the things I look for in
Caption: visible leaders for the people that I'm
Caption: looking for to bring along with me
Caption: imager
Caption: looking for the teabags there's no
Caption: matter how much hot water you put them
Caption: in
Caption: I still whole city I still do the job I
Caption: still get it done
Caption: he's magic
Caption: I love pockets especially love invisible
Caption: pocket especially love pockets that fit
Caption: my entire find in them and I find
Caption: sometimes people pockets to have these
Caption: hidden superpowers that you never knew
Caption: they had and they can store a lot you
Caption: actually how much competed
Caption: people who feel from who come not an
Caption: empty one when you feel from an empty
Caption: cup what you're doing is you're turning
Caption: into a mother yourself sacrificing
Caption: yourself throwing yourself in front of
Caption: the bus when you film from a full cup
Caption: there's no expectation in return because
Caption: you're already full already taking care
Caption: of yourself I talk a lot about mental
Caption: health I'm an ambassador power you okay
Caption: don't and what a lot of people don't
Caption: realize is all the work that I do behind
Caption: the scenes to make sure I'm okay to give
Caption: these talks I make sure my cup is full
Caption: before I help others it's a couple of
Caption: people in the room but I wanted to do a
Caption: little bit of a shout out to sorry like
Caption: organ leaders they know good leaders it
Caption: helped them along the way who cheered
Caption: them across the board when Naruto and I
Caption: first met we were roomies at a retreat
Caption: the ones punch her in the face oh but
Caption: she's an extra bet but Naruto has always
Caption: been a champion for me she supported me
Caption: along the way she's coached me and she's
Caption: coaching her or the right people man
Caption: there is lean
Caption: landing by unsub well it's fashion
Caption: advice tell them all my best friends
Caption: because it pushed me and they challenged
Caption: me and Lane and I will often have
Caption: conversations about how went by
Caption: surprised we're friends
Caption: Lien's an incredible moment but she's
Caption: not just an incredible moment she's also
Caption: in her own right become a marketing
Caption: leader and I watched her career grow and
Caption: I've watched her step from one room to
Caption: another
Caption: Amy most of you who follow Amy on the
Caption: Twitter with know that Amy loves me
Caption: she's my bestest fan she amplifies me oh
Caption: she speaks about me
Caption: she tells people about me but also in
Caption: her own right and she is a leader she
Caption: travels around the world
Caption: she gives amazing talks she codes like a
Caption: goddamn demon and then of course there
Caption: is Michelle Michelle I had a
Caption: conversation a few years ago when I
Caption: believe I wasn't a feminist I was
Caption: convinced I wasn't a feminist I was like
Caption: no no I'm an equalist and Michelle
Caption: pointed out to me that when a manager of
Caption: mine told me that I was bubbly
Caption: what would they have said to men
Caption: what would their simple god and she
Caption: pointed out that I had had challenges I
Caption: just haven't realized it I just kept
Caption: going because my version of dealing with
Caption: fear is to feel with the air you do it
Caption: anyway down I think I've spent an
Caption: enormous amount of time stressing about
Caption: things that I had no control over or I
Caption: just didn't feel I was worthy of and so
Caption: I would fight a lot of the time with
Caption: myself more than anybody else and I just
Caption: what - please tell him - now this video
Caption: so each time I reach a point where a
Caption: growing business and I freak out and
Caption: it's getting a lot lesser and a lot
Caption: smaller than it used to be but it used
Caption: to be over just self-sabotaging sending
Caption: invoices because I didn't think it was
Caption: worthy of money and now I've got any
Caption: growth at the moment so I've got a team
Caption: I have five people that I employ now and
Caption: it freaks me out
Caption: each time the growth so yeah at the
Caption: moment it's just when you grow you have
Caption: different problems and when you're so
Caption: small at the moment it's actually
Caption: probably delegation and handing stuff to
Caption: somebody else because I feel like I have
Caption: to do it all because if I don't do it
Caption: all then am I really working
Caption: favorite sound self-gravity
Caption: naps and just it just getting tuned for
Caption: my technology
Caption: how do you find a feeling of Southfork
Caption: sorry how do you find that mention a lot
Caption: about feeling worthy um a lot of it
Caption: comes from old stories from my childhood
Caption: and figuring out what the recourse of
Caption: those stories our brains like to create
Caption: a lot of evidence that our stories are
Caption: real and so if part of your story is I'm
Caption: not worthy I'm not worthy you'll go and
Caption: seek out that evidence all the time and
Caption: I think so one of the mental kind of
Caption: mental hacks and trying to hack thinking
Caption: simply it so I think overcome them
Caption: and one of them is rather than seeking
Caption: out self-worth acknowledge and accept
Caption: that I already have it and then find
Caption: evidence that how it shows up for me
Caption: because the opposite evidence is always
Caption: there it's just you're not looking there
Caption: because we all like to look at the train
Caption: wreck so especially when you've grown up
Caption: so for me I grew up in the environment
Caption: where yeah self-worth was non-existent
Caption: so for me it's just constantly going how
Caption: I show today narrative sent me a message
Caption: she's gonna be like she doesn't love me
Caption: like I now that used to take a month or
Caption: three months out of my life where I
Caption: would stress out and get
Caption: get really worked up on this little
Caption: agreement that I made and then now it
Caption: takes me maybe but it was acknowledging
Caption: that that situation was not my childhood
Caption: situation she's not to know how is she
Caption: know she wasn't there and so because
Caption: that's what we do is we build the
Caption: evidence and then we take that for each
Caption: situation to the next one
Caption: so we've almost got it disrupt how can I
Caption: like existing leaders help support and
Caption: champion and it's safe for that so I
Caption: think it's it's so first of all it's
Caption: about encouragement so for me it's the
Caption: conversation I have with them about it's
Caption: okay that you're not a leader yet but
Caption: here's all the ways you can be and in
Caption: fact you are actually already a leader
Caption: and here's how and giving them the
Caption: demonstration of the fact that you know
Caption: that whole invisible nests of being an
Caption: invisible leader is that you do get to
Caption: observe you do get to observe people in
Caption: because when you're invisible people
Caption: don't wear their masks so tightly when
Caption: they don't think they're being watched
Caption: and when they do I think that the person
Caption: who's watching them is important I write
Caption: an article a little while back only
Caption: thing which was dear old white guy who
Caption: told me to get a joke to them and I
Caption: preface it in the first paragraph going
Caption: ok I'm not talking a little the white
Caption: bone white guys who reminded my coffee
Caption: slate you're cool because you're
Caption: connected to me but only otherwise all
Caption: my guys in this particular one who
Caption: decided one day it warps neck like
Caption: opposing of crossing the street you told
Caption: me to go and get a job because
Caption: apparently I look homeless I wrote an
Caption: article response to go and it was an
Caption: acknowledgement to say you're so funny
Caption: so funny that you think your opinion
Caption: it's for something yeah and I sort of
Caption: acknowledged how far we've come
Caption: like I talk on the radio I'm in the main
Caption: ii-era I talked until 950 years ago that
Caption: would not have happened I would not have
Caption: had those opportunities presented to me
Caption: and so it was an acknowledgement and a
Caption: gratitude for everything that I've
Caption: achieved to date and that's a good
Caption: question to ask them is what are you
Caption: grateful for what do you learn so far
Caption: because people get when they come across
Caption: the narcissistic sake boss especially
Caption: they feel disarmed and disabled in the
Caption: workplace and so advise them it's ok you
Caption: get to be an observer in this situation
Caption: [Music]
Caption: they're quadrats you know yeah so I'm
Caption: fun so they don't have to be any think
Caption: of yourself like I'm quite a loud person
Caption: we don't have quite people pointing and
Caption: I always say the moment need you to show
Caption: up any differently than what you're
Caption: doing you know how you're showing us
Caption: he's actually perfect and how they
Caption: communicate is figuring out how they
Caption: communicate if there are quiet person
Caption: how else today so as a leader in that
Caption: position are they like other global
Caption: communicators are they written
Caption: communicators are they good listeners
Caption: people who don't tend to be very loud
Caption: and very good at this me
Caption: and that's a valuable skill and pointing
Caption: out that putting out those skills look
Caption: like I've got a person a transgender man
Caption: on my team who's an introvert and also
Caption: suffers from really bad situational
Caption: anxiety doesn't like to leave his house
Caption: but the drive commute from his house to
Caption: the office is very very stressful for
Caption: him but how he shows up is all the
Caption: content he creates his beautiful and
Caption: it's reminding him that he doesn't
Caption: actually have to show up in any other
Caption: place there's no other expectation from
Caption: him around that and that a mystic that's
Caption: the thing is for managing those
Caption: expectations because sometimes when you
Caption: have a big team for bad people
Caption: I was really looking forward
Caption: I miss challenges myself their biggest
Caption: challenge has been in overcoming my own
Caption: internal thoughts around the situation's
Caption: I think one of the things I say in my to
Caption: help he's a little loudspeaker to our
Caption: heads and broadcast whatever was going
Caption: on in our heads we would never say those
Caption: things to another human being why is it
Caption: okay that we say it to ourselves and a
Caption: lot of my challenge has been realized
Caption: [Music]
Caption: [Applause]